Well, let's have a quick tour of our Arduino board. Well, it has very
Important sections such as the 3.3 and the 5 volts together with the ground for my components
This is our power area
we also have the digital and the analog pins for connecting sensors and
Outputs and then we have the microcontroller chip right over here at the center
Well, this is the actual brain actually running the program that we upload over here
We have the USB port for uploading code
We also have a reset button right over here in the corner
Just in case your project locks up or in case you need to you know
Reset your robot or whatever you be programming and then we have the TX and the RX
LEDs that blink whenever data is being sent or received knowing these basics makes wiring easier and much more fun